# $Author: reuter $
# $Date: 2008-01-03 08:28:53 +0100 (Thu, 03 Jan 2008) $
# $Id: INSTALL 307 2008-01-03 07:28:53Z reuter $

INTRODUCTION

This is the INSTALL file for the SynGraph software package with
instructions for downloading, compiling and running.


DOWNLOADING

The software, including the most recent version of this file, is
available at the following site:

http://www.soundpaint.org/syngraph/

Follow the download link on this site to go the download directory.
The software is available as compressed and packed source package
(.tar.bz2) as well as pre-compiled binary jar file.


COMPILING

In order to compile the SynGraph software, you will need:

* JDK1.5 (Java 5) or later, standard or enterprise edition.

* ant (see: http://ant.apache.org), version 1.6.5 or later.  Earlier
  versions of ant may also work, but have not been tested.

* ant-trax.  Depending on your particular system, this library either
  may be already included in your ant distribution, or you may need to
  additionally install it (such as under Linux Fedora Core 5).  If
  during compilation you are getting an error similar to this one:

  build.xml:142: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException:
  org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.TraXLiaison

  then your ant distribution is probably missing the ant-trax library
  file "ant-trax.jar", and you need to add it to your system.

To compile, unpack the packed sources file, go into the top level
directory of the sources (i.e. the directory in which this INSTALL
file lives) and call "ant" from within this directory.  That is, if
you are working with a command line, then simply enter "ant" from
within this directory.  Generating the Java documentation may take a
while; please keep this in mind if the compiling process may seem to
temporarily hang.

After successful compiling, the subdirectory build/syngraph/lib will
contain three packages:

* syngraph.jar: The compiled binary jar file, ready for execution.

* syngraph_webdoc.zip: The SynGraph website, packed as a single zip
  file.  This website contains user-relevant documentation.

* syngraph_javadoc.zip: The Java documentation of the software, packed
  as a single zip file.  This documentation is usually of interest
  only for programmers who want to study, maintain or extend the
  application source code.

N.B.: The build file contains a task called "run" to run the generated
syngraph.jar file; on the command line, enter "ant run" to execute
this task.


RUNNING

For running SynGraph, you will need Java 5 (JDK or JRE, standard
edition or enterprise edition, at your choice).  You can either fetch
a precompiled binary jar file from the download directory (see above,
section DOWNLOADING) or create it by compiling the sources by yourself
(see above, section COMPILING).  Put the jar file at your favorite
place on your computer, e.g. on the desktop or in an applications
folder.

Once you have the syngraph.jar file, you should be able to immediately
run it.  In a graphical operating system environment, a double click
on the file icon of the syngraph.jar file should suffice to start the
application.  If you are using a command line processor, change into
the directory where the jar file stays, and simply enter "java -jar
syngraph.jar".


# Local Variables:
# coding:utf-8
# End:
